[en]update kangaroo-space-imagelist (#5120)
DaoCloud/DaoCloud-docs: docs/en/docs/kangaroo/space/imagelist.md

private images under the tenant. There are two main sources of images:

1. The first part includes all public images in the integrated or hosted container registry

>    of the platform, as well as private images assigned to the workspace separately through the binding of 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   of the DCE 5.0 Container Registry, as well as private images assigned to the workspace separately through the binding of 
```
类似的平台、platform，可以具体一点，写成各个模块的名称

  level and distribution of bugs. Log scanning is supported for tracking bugs.
- Image pushing: The image can be pushed to the authorized registry space through the
  commands provided by the platform.
- View details such as levels: Provides a display of detailed information such as
  image versions, level information, creators, and create time for images within the visible range.

**Functional advantages**

- Safety and reliability: Fine-grained image allocation is realized by binding the registry space
  and workspace, ensuring that private images can only be pulled by the specified workspace.
- Convenience: After the platform administrator creates a managed Harbor or integrates
  other registries, if he wants to share it with all workspaces and namespaces, he only needs to
  make the container registry public.
- Flexible access: In addition to platform-level registry integration capabilities, it also
  provides integrated registry features under each workspace. After integration,
  the container registry can only be used by the workspace.
- Global linkage: Workbench and Container Management provide the image selector feature

>   for the container registry. When deploying the application, you can click the __choose image__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  for the container registry. When deploying the application, you can click the __Choose Image__
```
